V2 final (#151)
cohere-ai/cohere-developer-experience: fern/pages/v2/tutorials/build-things-with-cohere/semantic-search-with-cohere.mdx

## Perfoming semantic search

Now, we want to search for the most relevant documents to the query. We do this by computing the similarity between the embeddings of the query and each of the documents.

There are various approaches to compute similarity between embeddings, and we'll choose the dot product approach. For this, we use the `numpy` library which comes with the implementation.

Each query-document pair returns a score, which represents how similar the pair is. We then sort these scores in descending order and select the top-most similar pairs, which we choose 2 (this is an arbitrary choice, you can choose any number).

Here, we show the most relevant documents with their similarity scores.

```python PYTHON
# Compute dot product similarity and display results
def return_results(query_emb, doc_emb, documents):
    n = 2 # customize your top N results
    scores = np.dot(query_emb, np.transpose(doc_emb))[0]
    max_idx = np.argsort(-scores)[:n]
        
    for rank, idx in enumerate(max_idx):
        print(f"Rank: {rank+1}")
        print(f"Score: {scores[idx]}")
        print(f"Document: {documents[idx]}\n")
        
return_results(query_emb, doc_emb, faqs_long)
```
```

> Rank: 1
> Score: 0.442758615743984
> Document: {'text': "Finding Coffee Spots: For your caffeine fix, head to the break room's coffee machine or cross the street to the café for artisan coffee."}
> 
> Rank: 2
> Score: 0.32783563708365726
> Document: {'text': 'Team-Building Activities: We foster team spirit with monthly outings and weekly game nights. Feel free to suggest new activity ideas anytime!'}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rank: 1
Score: 0.3872984617627964
Document: {'text': 'Team-Building Activities: We foster team spirit with monthly outings and weekly game nights. Feel free to suggest new activity ideas anytime!'}

Rank: 2
Score: 0.3272549670724577
Document: {'text': 'Proposing New Ideas: Innovation is welcomed! Share your brilliant ideas at our weekly team meetings or directly with your team lead.'}
```
